update Adjust Volume Size instructions (#14295)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/04-operation-guides/operations/obsv-02-adjust-loki.md

## Adjust volume size

The way to change the volume size depends on whether you want to do it during the installation or later.

> If you know already when you're installing Kyma that the default storage size isn't going to be enough, expand the Loki volume size for the initial deployment:

Author: good point, thank you!

> In your custom [Loki values.yaml](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/main/resources/logging/charts/loki/values.yaml) file, enter the desired volume size as value for `persistence: size`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your custom [Loki values.yaml](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/main/resources/logging/charts/loki/values.yaml) file, enter the desired volume size as the value for **persistence.size**.
```
As per [our guidelines](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/03-formatting.md), values are formatted as `code`, parameters are formatted as **bold**; **persistence.size** is a parameter. Value is what the user is supposed to put there.
Also, when you refer to a parameter from a YAML, you use the dot notation, where each dot indicates one level deeper, if you know what I mean. 

See for example [this document](https://kyma-project.io/docs/kyma/latest/05-technical-reference/00-configuration-parameters/ac-01-application-connector-chart/).

Author: Oh boy, thanks!

> If you're running out of volume later on (for example, because you increased the log retention period), you can increase the volume size by [expanding the Persistent Volume Claims (PVC)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#expanding-persistent-volumes-claims) for the Loki Pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're running out of volume later on (for example, because you increased the log retention period), you can increase the volume size by [expanding the Persistent Volume Claims (PVC)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#expanding-persistent-volumes-claims) for the Loki Pod.
```

I'd probably phrase it as `If you run out of volume` or `If you're short of volume`, not a big fan of this continuous tense here, but this is rather preferential, so feel free to ignore it.

Author: ```suggestion
If you run out of volume later on (for example, because you increased the log retention period), you can increase the volume size by [expanding the Persistent Volume Claims (PVC)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#expanding-persistent-volumes-claims) for the Loki Pod.
```

> After editing the PVC, stop the workload and restart it so that the changes take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you edit the PVC, stop the workload and restart it so that the changes take effect.
```
Again, this is also preferential, it just somehow reads better to me. Feel free to ignore this one as well.
